Add BYOC Logs 0.1.31 release notes (#38096)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/byoc-logs/release_notes.md

## Releases

### v0.1.31 — 2026-07-08

*Bundled in chart: `0.4.5`.*

#### Changed
- Fixes single-token phrase prefix queries on raw fields so `match_phrase_prefix` searches return all matching prefix terms instead of being capped by `max_expansions`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- up to 3x faster intersection for selective terms with time ranges
```

> - up to 3x faster intersection for selective terms with time ranges

Author: ```suggestion
- Up to 3x faster intersection for selective terms queries with time range.
```
